docs/SSO/Implementing-Oauth2-IDP.md, before:

---
stoplight-id: c8nxrujkb9wbo
---

# Implementing an OAuth2 IDP Server

> Follow this guide if:
> - you have a database of your customer's username and password (or other credentials)
> - and you want to replace the Business App login screen for customers with your own
> - and you are not building a marketplace app
> - and you could not find a [commercial or open source OAuth2 tool](https://oauth.net/code/) that is compatible with your website.


To implement the parts of OAuth2 used by Vendasta, you need to create and configure three endpoints.

![oauth2-config-screen.png](../../assets/images/oauth2-config-screen.png)

1. **Authorization Endpoint** - This is your login screen displayed in the user's web browser
2. **Token Endpoint** - This is called by Vendasta's servers to complete the login flow
3. **User-info Endpoint** - This is called by Vendasta's servers to get more details on the user identified by the access token returned by the token endpoint

You can reuse these endpoints to replace the login screen of other websites that follow the OAuth2 standard. To tell the websites apart you will need to assign them each a client_id and client_secret. The values can be anything you choose.


## Authorization Endpoint

When a user tries to access one of Vendasta's centers or a marketplace app in a web browser Vendasta’s SSO system will check to see if the user is already logged into Vendasta. 

If the user is not logged in we will redirect the user’s web browser to the OAuth2 Authorization Endpoint that you configured along with a bunch of query params. 

Example:

    https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/authorize?
    client_id=business-app &
    redirect_uri=https://sso-api-prod.apigateway.co/oauth2/callback &
    response_type=code &
    scope=openid%20email &
    state=f9376d0d-badd-48b4-bf8a-872978aa0098

The endpoint should:
1. Verify that the `client_id` is an expected value
2. Prompt the user to log into your platform if they are not already logged in
3. Optional: Show the user a screen letting them know the website (based on `client_id` parameter) that they are about to log into and the permissions the website has requested (based on `scope` parameter) and get their consent the first time they SSO into the website
4. Generate a random string to use as the auth `code`. Store it in a database or cache along with the id of the logged in user, client_id, scopes the user consented to and an expiry time a few minutes in the future.
5. Redirect the users web browser to the URI specified by the `redirect_uri` parameter along with `?code=<auth code you generated>&state=<state query parameter from request>`

Example redirect:

    https://sso-api-prod.apigateway.co/oauth2/callback?
    code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
    state=f9376d0d-badd-48b4-bf8a-872978aa0098

Note: If Vendasta did the login flow entirely in a web browser then there would be extra work required to verify the redirect_uri, code_challenge and code_challenge_method parameters. We call the token and user-info endpoints from our servers so PKCE is not required. 

## Token Endpoint

Your token endpoint will be called by Vendasta's servers to exchange the authorization code generated by the authorization endpoint for an access token. Vendasta's client_secret will also be sent so you can verify that only Vendasta can make the exchange.

Example Requests

```http
POST https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/token
Authorization Basic base64(client_id:client_secrect)
Content-Type	application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Body
code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
grant_type=authorization_code
```

or 
```http
POST https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/token
Content-Type	application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Body
client_id=business-app &
client_secret=123123123 &
code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
grant_type=authorization_code
```

The endpoint should:
1. Verify the `client_secret` is correct for the `client_id`
2. Retrieve the record that was stored for the authorization `code`
3. Verify the `client_id` matches the one on the code record
4. Verify the code record is not expired
5. Delete or expire the code record to prevent it being used again
6. Generate an access token that can be used to call the user-info endpoint
7. Respond with JSON 

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store
 
{
  "access_token":"ZjNGZmZjI3MTQ0NjJkM2NDE1ZTZmQ5OT",
  "token_type":"Bearer",
  "expires_in":3600
}
```

The access_token can be any identifier you desire. They are typically [JWTs](https://jwt.io/) that expire in a few minutes.



## User-Info Endpoint

Vendasta's servers will then call your user-info endpoint with the access token that was just received to get details about the user that just logged in.

```http
GET https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/user-info
Authorization Bearer ZjNGZmZjI3MTQ0NjJkM2NDE1ZTZmQ5OT
```

The endpoint should:
1. Verify that the access_token sent in the authorization header is not expired
2. Look up the user profile associated with the access token and return the details as a JSON object

Vendasta currently only requires the email field to be populated in the response. The full set of standard fields can be found [here](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims).

Vendasta will use the email address in the response to look up the user.

<!-- theme: danger -->
> You will need to create the user and set their permissions in Vendasta ahead of time. See [IDP User Synchronization](IDP-User-Sync.md) for directions on automating it.

Example response
```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
{
  "email":"bob@example.com"
}
```

## Testing

Once you have built the endpoints add them to your configuration at
[Partner Center -> Administration -> Single Sign On](https://partners.vendasta.com/integrations/sso)

![oauth2-config-screen.png](../../assets/images/oauth2-config-screen.png)

As soon as you save the default Business App login screen will be replaced with your own. You can still send users to the default one by sending them to `<your-business-app-domain.com>/login/`.


## Next Steps

> Once you have completed setting up Single Sign On from your system, you may want to implement [Single Logout](Single-Logout.md) or [IDP User Synchronization](IDP-User-Sync.md).

Commit message:

Add link to OAuth intro guide

docs/SSO/Implementing-Oauth2-IDP.md, after:

---
stoplight-id: c8nxrujkb9wbo
---

# Implementing an OAuth2 IDP Server

> Follow this guide if:
> - you have a database of your customer's username and password (or other credentials)
> - and you want to replace the Business App login screen for customers with your own
> - and you are not building a marketplace app
> - and you could not find a [commercial or open source OAuth2 tool](https://oauth.net/code/) that is compatible with your website.


To implement the parts of OAuth2 used by Vendasta, you need to create and configure three endpoints.

![oauth2-config-screen.png](../../assets/images/oauth2-config-screen.png)

1. **Authorization Endpoint** - This is your login screen displayed in the user's web browser
2. **Token Endpoint** - This is called by Vendasta's servers to complete the login flow
3. **User-info Endpoint** - This is called by Vendasta's servers to get more details on the user identified by the access token returned by the token endpoint

You can reuse these endpoints to replace the login screen of other websites that follow the OAuth2 standard. To tell the websites apart you will need to assign them each a client_id and client_secret. The values can be anything you choose.

> If you are not familiar with OAuth2 we recommend reading [Okta's illustrated guide to OAuth2 and OpenID Connect](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/10/21/illustrated-guide-to-oauth-and-oidc) for an more detailed introduction to the concepts.


## Authorization Endpoint

When a user tries to access one of Vendasta's centers or a marketplace app in a web browser Vendasta’s SSO system will check to see if the user is already logged into Vendasta. 

If the user is not logged in we will redirect the user’s web browser to the OAuth2 Authorization Endpoint that you configured along with a bunch of query params. 

Example:

    https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/authorize?
    client_id=business-app &
    redirect_uri=https://sso-api-prod.apigateway.co/oauth2/callback &
    response_type=code &
    scope=openid%20email &
    state=f9376d0d-badd-48b4-bf8a-872978aa0098

The endpoint should:
1. Verify that the `client_id` is an expected value
2. Prompt the user to log into your platform if they are not already logged in
3. Optional: Show the user a screen letting them know the website (based on `client_id` parameter) that they are about to log into and the permissions the website has requested (based on `scope` parameter) and get their consent the first time they SSO into the website
4. Generate a random string to use as the auth `code`. Store it in a database or cache along with the id of the logged in user, client_id, scopes the user consented to and an expiry time a few minutes in the future.
5. Redirect the users web browser to the URI specified by the `redirect_uri` parameter along with `?code=<auth code you generated>&state=<state query parameter from request>`

Example redirect:

    https://sso-api-prod.apigateway.co/oauth2/callback?
    code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
    state=f9376d0d-badd-48b4-bf8a-872978aa0098

Note: If Vendasta did the login flow entirely in a web browser then there would be extra work required to verify the redirect_uri, code_challenge and code_challenge_method parameters. We call the token and user-info endpoints from our servers so PKCE is not required. 

## Token Endpoint

Your token endpoint will be called by Vendasta's servers to exchange the authorization code generated by the authorization endpoint for an access token. Vendasta's client_secret will also be sent so you can verify that only Vendasta can make the exchange.

Example Requests

```http
POST https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/token
Authorization Basic base64(client_id:client_secrect)
Content-Type	application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Body
code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
grant_type=authorization_code
```

or 
```http
POST https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/token
Content-Type	application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Body
client_id=business-app &
client_secret=123123123 &
code=jkhhh-werwerw-sdfsdf-werwerw-werbadsfwer &
grant_type=authorization_code
```

The endpoint should:
1. Verify the `client_secret` is correct for the `client_id`
2. Retrieve the record that was stored for the authorization `code`
3. Verify the `client_id` matches the one on the code record
4. Verify the code record is not expired
5. Delete or expire the code record to prevent it being used again
6. Generate an access token that can be used to call the user-info endpoint
7. Respond with JSON 

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-store
 
{
  "access_token":"ZjNGZmZjI3MTQ0NjJkM2NDE1ZTZmQ5OT",
  "token_type":"Bearer",
  "expires_in":3600
}
```

The access_token can be any identifier you desire. They are typically [JWTs](https://jwt.io/) that expire in a few minutes.



## User-Info Endpoint

Vendasta's servers will then call your user-info endpoint with the access token that was just received to get details about the user that just logged in.

```http
GET https://examplepartner.com/oauth2/user-info
Authorization Bearer ZjNGZmZjI3MTQ0NjJkM2NDE1ZTZmQ5OT
```

The endpoint should:
1. Verify that the access_token sent in the authorization header is not expired
2. Look up the user profile associated with the access token and return the details as a JSON object

Vendasta currently only requires the email field to be populated in the response. The full set of standard fields can be found [here](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims).

Vendasta will use the email address in the response to look up the user.

<!-- theme: danger -->
> You will need to create the user and set their permissions in Vendasta ahead of time. See [IDP User Synchronization](IDP-User-Sync.md) for directions on automating it.

Example response
```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
{
  "email":"bob@example.com"
}
```

## Testing

Once you have built the endpoints add them to your configuration at
[Partner Center -> Administration -> Single Sign On](https://partners.vendasta.com/integrations/sso)

![oauth2-config-screen.png](../../assets/images/oauth2-config-screen.png)

As soon as you save the default Business App login screen will be replaced with your own. You can still send users to the default one by sending them to `<your-business-app-domain.com>/login/`.


## Next Steps

> Once you have completed setting up Single Sign On from your system, you may want to implement [Single Logout](Single-Logout.md) or [IDP User Synchronization](IDP-User-Sync.md).
