docs/Guides/Guides-Overview.md, before:

# What would you like to do?

## Build an integration for yourself
Save your team time and money by automating many of the repetitive tasks they do within your own instance of the platform. 

Try out our new set of unified [Platform APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/platform) which are currently in early access or make use of some of the [Legacy APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/api/legacy) while we work.

## SSO from your Platform to Vendasta
Authenticate your users in your platform and let them access Vendasta's white-label platform through OAuth2 single sign-on SSO. 
Please contact support@vendasta.com for more information.

## Build an integration to sell
Do you have an app which manages data for other businesses that you want to sell in our marketplace? Then you will want to check out our [Marketplace APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/vendors/getting-started).

## See the other cool tools we have for developers

To learn more about other projects from our R&D department visit https://www.vendasta.com/developers

## Test your integration in a sandbox
We provide a "demo" environment where you are free to test your integrations without worrying about messing up your data. Please contact support@vendasta.com to have an instance set up.

Commit message:

Add marketplace-app example in spring-boot  (#116)
* Add marketplace-app spring-boot example

* Update environment in application.yml

* Review comments fixes

* Refactor application.yml to support multiple environments

* Stub out validation

* Add client name

* marketplace api implementation & admin page for business list

* readme update regarding marketplace api implementation

* marketplaceAPI fixes and guide updates

* added appId in state param

docs/Guides/Guides-Overview.md, after:

# What would you like to do?

## Build an integration for yourself
Save your team time and money by automating many of the repetitive tasks they do within your own instance of the platform. 

Try out our new set of unified [Platform APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/platform) which are currently in early access or make use of some of the [Legacy APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/api/legacy) while we work.

## SSO from your Platform to Vendasta
Authenticate your users in your platform and let them access Vendasta's white-label platform through OAuth2 single sign-on SSO. 
Please contact support@vendasta.com for more information.

## Build an integration to sell
Do you have an app which manages data for other businesses that you want to sell in our marketplace? Then you will want to check out our [Marketplace APIs](https://developers.vendasta.com/vendors/getting-started). Or do you want to create a new app to integrate with Vendasta for your business? Visit [Integration Guide](https://developers.vendasta.com/vendor/463ea876a888b-creating-new-vendor-application#creating-new-vendor-application).

## See the other cool tools we have for developers

To learn more about other projects from our R&D department visit https://www.vendasta.com/developers

## Test your integration in a sandbox
We provide a "demo" environment where you are free to test your integrations without worrying about messing up your data. Please contact support@vendasta.com to have an instance set up.
